added sqs information (#872)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/amazon-aws/sqs.md

**Top 10 users (CloudTrail Log based)**:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

The Sumo Logic App for Amazon SQS provides operational insights into your Amazon SQS utilization. The App’s preconfigured dashboards help you monitor the key metrics, view the SQS events for queue activities, and help you plan the capacity of your SQS service utilization.

:::note

> We highly recommend you view these dashboards in the [Explore View](https://help.sumologic.com/Beta/AWS_Observability_Solution/07_View_AWS_Observability_Solution_Dashboards) of the AWS Observability solution.

Reviewer: @JKashyap96 link to new doc (this is the legacy link)

> We highly recommend you view these dashboards in the [Explore View](https://help.sumologic.com/Beta/AWS_Observability_Solution/07_View_AWS_Observability_Solution_Dashboards) of the AWS Observability solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend you view these dashboards in the [Explore View](/docs/dashboards-new/explore-view) of the AWS Observability solution.
```
